we knew that we were gonna get picked no
matter who got number one
because the choice was between us and
Kingston so it was pretty obvious to us
that regardless of flash wolves ing
winning and getting first they would
choose also liquid well
phonetic just beat Team Liquid I'm
joined by Brock so we're both really
happy right now it's just such a great
moment in MSI history no actually so
joined by Brock saw who did just sneak
his way in past Team Liquid an epic
battle between EU and na is the way it
has to go coverage is presented by the
alcoholism I might have now
Brock's ax talk to me a little bit this
must have been an insane day for you can
you take me kind of through it yeah I
don't know like coming into this day I
knew it was gonna be either
you know the best day in the world or
the worst like you know but yeah like it
has been really surreal like not only
today but the past two days cuz after
the game against flash rules few days
ago there's so much hype like around me
and this even we were all like really
confident and then it just went downhill
and suddenly we have to win some we
thought we had to win some games today
so I should go through and then we lose
both games we rely on liquid to not win
so much and then well we kind of have in
the back of our minds that there's a big
chance we're actually out but then
liquid losers and we have to fast
mentally reset to get ready for the last
game so yeah this day has been really
long and really really crazy talk to me
about that mental reset because a lot of
people were spamming like kaboom after
you guys hit got hit by Evo's and and it
did kind of feel like that same moment
right like so many people would have
expected you guys to take that game and
then things just went wrong how did you
maintain and and even reset your mental
situation after all that went down
that's a good question actually
well I don't know I feel like at this at
this point some of us have been in this
situation together a few times
like at least me me reckless and caps
traded at world so it looked really
tuned and then suddenly we made to come
back anyways and I think after that good
experience for us at Worlds we knew that
even though it was looking really tough
and it was going really hard to make it
you know does still change so the way I
should go through so whenever there was
some 1000 we we started mentioning this
like it became like a team thing that
the last bunch of hours and then yeah we
just tried to reset and really go for a
different strategy against liquids and
we used in the previous games because
you know when you lose twice with
something then you really didn't want to
go for it again so we just try to really
stay stay positive and then change about
strategy and then somehow we who made it
happen
talked to me about that final game
against liquid just now because
certainly and liquid made some mistakes
but it did kind of feel like you guys
were everywhere you needed to be like
I'll admit a little painful for me I'd
see you got there'd be a bunch of people
show up get a kill bot Lane and suddenly
the camera pan and like there's just a
giant attack that's going on up in the
top lane did it feel like you guys were
just like firing on all cylinders to
everywhere you needed to be or or what
was it like for you guys in that game
well I felt like right from the
beginning things like she went pretty
well foes I'm obviously not from level 1
like the little one was pretty awkward
where we invaded and XM if he actually
got to RIT and we had to run for our
lives but after that we we came back
into the game pretty well and we just
agreed before the game that we're gonna
play really fast and just go home like
just play with no regrets and I think
caps especially really went through with
that like he just went full ham and
really went in and the rest of us just
followed so yeah I think our our
mindsets and our strategy coming into
the game worked really well and then at
one point we got a lead and then we just
managed to so keep it and snowball
taking a step back what was it like
watching the RNG game because I'm sure
you guys were all can you describe what
that was like cuz I assume you're
somewhere in a room back there I like it
it felt so bad on so many levels
so it's like in the beginning it felt
really bad and Angie got a win but then
at the same time you're still not happy
because there's always a chance of
liquid making a comeback
so I think generally in that game I just
felt so nervous and so path until until
it was actually open we knew we were
kind of gonna go on stage it was not a
another fun experience now we were just
talking before the interview and kind of
a crazy situation that you serve the day
in a world where you are Angie or
teamliquid might not make it we end in a
world where you guys have you've you've
inched through but orangy actually
secured first and picked you as your as
the opponent for Dick's next week or in
a couple days actually so first off are
you surprised at RNG picks you and maybe
kind of as a follow-up question to that
like how do you how do you think he'll
do against them well first of all we
knew that we were gonna get picked no
matter who got number one because the
choice was between us and King's Own so
it was pretty obvious to us that
regardless of flash wolves ing winning
and getting 1st they would choose also
liquid languages they would just choose
zero and it was really obvious so we're
all really prepared that Angie would pay
us and yeah obviously it's not the most
exciting thing in the world for us to go
up against Angie because in the past
we've always lost again though against
them like we lost at Worlds and we lost
two games here so we haven't really had
any success against Angie but you know
at the same time we believe that we can
beat everyone like we we just believe
that we can beat everyone and we know
it's gonna be rough and that you see is
going completely ham and smashing
everyone's this tournament but we were
just gonna do a piston we think it'll be
enough alright well here at the end of
this interview anything that you want to
say - first off let me ask you anything
you would say about Team Liquid or to
the team liquid fans out there that are
maybe cursing your name or training
aside as they should switch allegiances
to you guys now it's a lot the end of
this and then maybe following that
anything you would say to any of the
fanatic fans or you fans out there well
I think all the NFL should be really
really proud of Team Liquid like they
had such a pure style and
someone's talking about them actually
going cero 10 but somehow the dimension
bounce back and do really well against
every team they've played which really
sucked for us because they made our
lives really really hot but yeah I think
they they've played really well and I
think like pretty much of all the
players who really stepped up this
tournament I guess doublelift the next
mafia to to highlight players were
played really solid all the way through
but generally like it's so hard so come
back after such a soft start so I think
any fan should just be be proud of them
rather than disappointed and well when
it comes to our fans I guess I just
wanna say thank you like we've we've
really been able to feel that we're
playing in home soil this tournament all
the people around the studio have been
cheering for us all the way from like
not all no not all of them at all all
moments I'm just kidding
almost them all of them have been with
us on the inside it's just that not not
all of them want to admit it but that's
life but I generally like all the like
the makeup ladies the production like
everyone around the studio have really
been hiding us up and same goes for all
the fans back home
so yeah just thanks for the support
we've really been able to feel it well
I'll joke say your imeem that you guys
and made some jokes here but I am really
excited to see you guys step on stage in
just a couple days in Paris the crowd is
gonna go insane and I really truly hope
that you guys put on a great performance
so best of luck and congratulations on
the win rocks for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel hello and welcome to the
Future side of gaffer industries our
company is growing so quickly that we
had to lease this land to build a
factory just to produce our product and
you know what that product is it's we've
only got one it is eSports videos just
like this one yes that's right the one
that you are enjoying right now is just
an example of the premium product that
we make every single day and you know
what gaffer dinde strees it's growing it
is taking the eSports industry by storm
and we need people to join our movement
that's right you can join this movement
just by clicking the subscribe button on
this very video you'll be part of it
today and that's what we're looking for
so just hit subscribe and you could be
part of gaffur Dinda strees today